Why are you not wearing a bald cap? I
imagine you said that so that somebody
else can go, "What do you mean? He's
already bald." And then everybody will
go, "Omega lol bald." And we'll go
through the motions. I can't believe you
shaved your head for your cosplay. The
dedication. This is what I mean. Like
they're going to have two different
jokes that are repeated ad nauseam
today. One of them is going to be,
"Doug, you are bald like the character
in the game." And the other is, "Doug,
why aren't you bald like the character
in the game?" It's just going to be
that. We're going to hear it 100 times.
Doug, you are bald like the character in
the game. Doug, why aren't you bald like
the character in the game? Why not hit
both jokes at the same time? That's
twice as funny. Okay, I need to do
YouTuber voice. This is Hitman. In this
game, I'm doing a contract. I have to
kill five different targets. You can see
them highlighted in red. With each one
of them, I must kill them and then make
it to the exit and escape. However, to
make this more challenging, Twitch chat
will also be giving me missions. The way
this will work, once the code activates,
chat, you'll hear the noise and then I
need you to suggest potential missions
to do in Hitman. It could be whatever
you think is a real valid quest. Agent
47, HQ is sending a new mission. All
right, it's listening right now. Go go
go.
This task is code alpha urgent. Given
full operational freedom. Avoid anyone
seeing you. Okay, so then I would have
12 seconds to complete that mission,
which I guess just means not. And if I
don't complete it in time, you're an
utter failure, Agent 47. The whole thing
resets. Okay, here are the rules. I got
to complete a full contract to get five
people. No failing the Twitch chat
quest. I can't shoot the targets, the
contract targets. Let me do my planning.
Okay, I can bring a fish.
Once you guys give me a mission, we kick
it off. Let's do it. 47, there's no time
for pleasantries. Assassinate five
people with fish. Can you kill people
with the fish? I don't think you can
kill people. I think I just have to like
knock them out. It's non-lethal. So,
does that count? Like if I just
accidentally
Okay, dude, I feel like an [__]
[Music]
Okay, hold on. [__]
Okay, I've completed the mission. This
is my target. I need to kill him with
something. I don't have Oh, I can just
snap his neck.
[__] Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
That works. Where's the flamingo guy?
How did he get into the security room?
Come here.
I just I'll take him and I'll leave, all
right? We don't need to have any
problems. Just let me out with my catch.
[Music]
Dude, I feel like an [__]
Dude, I I feel like an [__] Okay, I
need to snap his neck.
And we're out. One out of five done. An
urgent directive just came through, 47.
Throw your fish into the ocean. You know
what to do. I do know, I guess. Okay,
fine.
>> left, 47. I have a minute? I thought a
minute was the lowest amount of time.
Eff the fish.
Oh, [__]
Failed? No, I didn't fail. I forgot to
press the thing in time. That's My code
probably had an issue. All right, we're
still going. HQ says there's no margin
for error this time. Get naked. How do
you get naked in this game? Does anybody
know? I have to find the most naked guy,
I guess, and take their clothes.
Oh, sorry. I need your costume.
Ooh, actually I'll take your costume.
Oh, [__] Can I take it?
Is anybody wearing less clothes than me?
[Music]
Oh, I'm not supposed to be here.
There's no
way.
Oh, sh-
[Music]
I feel like an [__] I feel like a
shitty [__]
Oh, I killed a guy. [__] I was trying
to knock out this guy.
No, I keep killing people. I don't mean
to.
Don't let the simplicity fool you. Put
as many BODIES BEHIND THE COUNTER as
possible. No, guys, don't leave. The
party's just getting started. Isn't that
cat jam music? Don't leave the party
yet. Do not leave.
Don't leave.
We're going to have a really good time
if you guys stick around. Stay at the
party. Doug Doug, you should stop taking
your bald anger out on all these
villagers. To the villagers?
You want to join?
This guy wants to party. You're going to
love the music, by the way. You hear
that? That's right, we got a DJ for this
party. Bro, we got a Vici on the
playlist, Martin Garrix, all the latest
hits. You're going to love it. I look
like a trapdoor spider. Like I like a
merge out of my holes to grab a bug and
then I pull them into my dance layer.
Oh, it's glass. I can see through it.
[__]
That's my [__] spider poggies.
Thanks, guys. That was pretty good. We
did have a Vici playing. Now that
everybody has a good idea of what the
missions can look like, let's get back
to the main game.
I'm starting from the food stand. That
way I'm in the center.
Don't let the simplicity fool you.
Become a bartender. What I do That's
what I thought.
Okay, we're going back to the cat jam
place. Hey, can I get you guys any other
drink here? Oh, we got sugar on the
menu. You guys want a sugary drink? We
got a little sugar for you.
How about that? Hey guys, check out the
music in here. You guys enjoying this?
You guys HAVING A GOOD TIME?
HEY, can I please have a pina colada?
Sorry, you're going TO HAVE TO SPEAK UP.
WE KIND OF HAVE THE MUSIC A LITTLE
louder in the bar.
Everybody get those hands up.
I SAID, can I please have a pina colada?
Oh, [__] He just blew someone up. All
right, fellas, that's my shift. Hope you
had a nice day here. Be sure to remember
that little Twizzler special I told you
about. Got to try it next time. The
mission has changed, 47. Your new
objective is Be a DJ. Okay, we're going
back in.
We're going back in.
[Music]
GO TO THE DRIVER'S LOUNGE AND KILL
EVERYONE. Everybody having a good time
in here?
[Music]
I feel like an [__] I know this is a
video game and I don't like it. I don't
like the vibes of this. Okay, that's
everybody dead, right? That counts.
There's a couple people still cat
jamming. This isn't you, Broken Heart.
Yeah, no [__] I think this is a mission
complete. Everybody in the lounge is
dead. Your honor, I know my client is on
camera killing three dozen people in a
bar. However, the entire time he kept
apologizing because he, quote the
client, feels like an [__] for doing
this, end quote.
>> to do it. So, I think he should go free.
Hey, and let the record show, this
person isn't dead. Oh my god, he's still
not done with us. He keeps dragging me
around the dance floor. He's got some
good dance moves. Don't say that. I'm
imagining the trial. Your honor, the
psychopath dragged me to the middle of
the dance floor and then we just boogied
down. Oh, I have to kill everybody. All
right.
Oh!
I didn't know IT WOULD BLOW. OH, NO.
COME ON.
I thought I would drop the explosive
onto the ground and then I would walk
away and shoot it. I did not think that
Agent 47 would [__] spike it like a
football at his own feet. Okay, that's a
good point. I did technically kill
everybody in the club.
[Music]
Agent, I'm thirsty. Buy a can of soda
then throw it at your target's head. I
can do that. Knock out a guy and steal
his flamingo outfit.
Now I can't find my car keys.
Okay. Excellent work, 47. Okay, that's
one target down.
Um, where should we go next? I'm going
to go Robert Knox. Well, this is an
unusual one. Follow random NPC and never
leave their side. I can do that.
There's
no way.
Is this This counts, right?
47, there's no time for pleasantries.
We've got a new mission. You must remain
unseen by any women. Uh
Okay.
>> Execute without delay. Okay, there is a
woman on this floor. So, I just need to
be kind of careful. That being said, do
I have any additional coins? I do. Okay,
here's what I do.
Drop this out here.
Guys are like, "Huh? What? What's going
on?" Oh, that's happening.
Come in here.
I need to mention the AI, of course. Oh,
he's like, "Doug Doug."
Uh-oh.
Wait, that's another target. We're
actually freaking cooking. 1 minute
left, 47. Get to it. Wait, I don't think
she saw me. I don't think she saw me.
She's on a phone call. I don't think she
saw me. She's looking straight for She's
looking at that TV right there. Woman
didn't saw.
Yeah, well put. Why are you sneaking her
out like that?
Here's what we do. We toss a coin on the
table. They all go, "What? What's that?"
I stand up. I'm also curious. As they're
investigating,
Oh, and they were looking right at me
when I did that. Now we leave. Agent 47,
HQ is sending a new mission. All right.
Stay tuned. Some of your best. This is a
good run. This is actually really good
run right now. The fate of the world
hangs on this mission. KNOCK OUT THREE
PEOPLE AND POSE THEM IN A MEETING.
Remember what's at stake. Okay.
Probably wondering why I've gathered you
here today.
Hey there, tough guy. Don't hit him.
What's the best place for a meeting
around here? Oh, here.
I feel like they might notice.
Okay, I need to distract all of them. I
throw this, they're all like, "Huh?"
Oh, they saw me do that. Is this how you
hire mods? Just knock people out and
then drag them into getting hide. Well,
first I need to make sure they kind of
pass the the snuff for the meeting.
[Music]
This is how we do meetings at my
company.
>> Excellent work, 47. That should count.
>> Mission complete. That's definitely a
meeting. I remember meeting with all my
friends on the floor and making a
triangular pentagram. This is legit. Is
that how the pros do it, dude? The press
can't know about this one. Cook the
fish, and you said fish to hitman.
What? Use the fish to hit a man. I But
what do you mean by the cook it? Cook
the damn fish. Where do I cook it? Oh.
Hotdog guy.
Hey, you.
Why did you do that?
Get your fresh fish here. Get your fresh
fish here.
Excellent work, 47. Mission complete.
What? No, no, no, no. I don't have my
fish. Do I have anything non-lethal?
Crowbar.
Okay, we're going this way. I'm going to
change my disguise again. 47 HQ has
relayed your next assignment. Hunt down
your next target while giving eulogies
to the targets you've already killed.
I remember the poor people who I threw a
fish at. I walked downstairs and I saw
the flamingo man, and I thought this man
should die by the hand of the thing he
loved, soda. It didn't feel great to do,
but ultimately it was necessary. After
that, I went to the Kronstadt building
and I took out a few not only engineers
and security guards to get up there, but
also took out Kronstadt himself. After
that point, I had to go outside, and the
sky was jogging badly. It was very bad
form. He deserved it. And then I saw
you.
Well done, 47. Stay tuned. Crime
noticed? By who?
Okay, where's my next target? I have two
more, Fishy Joe and the flamingo guy,
and then we're done. Can you throw a
fish at Fishy Joe, please? Oh, I don't
have any fish left. What if they're in
the kitchen over here? Wait, you know
how I get into the kitchen?
This guy.
Liberate all fish in the aquarium. Make
it look accidental. Make it looks
accidental. Okay, we can do that. I 30
seconds? Oh, beans. Okay, how do I go? I
go across and then I can go up in. I
might be able to do this. No, I'm going
to get there like 10 seconds late. The
aquarium was so far away. I have to
unlock this. No, no, no, no, it's too
long. It's too long. It's too long. No.
No.
The mission has failed, 47. You're bald.
Oh, come on, man. Dude, that was such a
good run. Okay, now I'm kind of
invested.
[Music]
I would assume to free the fish you need
to take them and release them into the
ocean. What you are doing now is a
waterboarding of fishes they lie on the
ground dying.
Yeah, I didn't think about that part.
Oh, starfish.
[Music]
That kills him, guy?
Oh my god. This was starfish? Dude.
That's how a starfish work, dude. What
the [__]
47, Intel just confirmed your next
objective. Mission, kill everyone in the
aquarium with the starfish. Deal.
As always, subtlety is preferred.
Oh, well, you said that a little too
late.
First, cause a distraction.
While they're looking at that, drop
this, and then we're ready.
OH MY GOD.
OH. OH, [__] BEANS.
OH, BEANS.
Starfish crime.
That's a term I never thought would be
relevant to anything in my life.
Oh my god, I just feel bad. I just feel
bad. It's some It feels worse killing
them with a starfish.
Fish violence. I just did it. A fish
violence.
[Music]
Oh my god, I'm uncomfortable with the
fish. It feels worse than a knife. Based
upon where he stabs them, he is actually
stabbing them in the lung, which is an
excruciating death, as you can't speak
from the lack of air and drowning on
your own blood filling your lungs. Oh my
god, I don't want to hear that. I don't
WANT TO HEAR THAT. I DON'T want to hear
about what I'm doing, okay? Ignorance is
bliss when it comes to mass murder.
An urgent directive just came through,
47. Throw a fish onto a passing car on
the racetrack. Yes, sir.
Wait, this is going to be really hard.
Now.
[Music]
Oh, I hit it, right? I think that hit
it. I actually think that that counts. I
mean, I can do another one just to be
safe, but
Oh, that hit. That hit. That actually
hit. Excellent work, 47. Mission
complete. The fate of the world hangs on
this mission. Kill hairy people because
you're bald and jealous. That's a lot of
hair there. That's a lot of hair there.
Unacceptable. WHY DO YOU HAVE TO RUB IT
IN MY FACE LIKE THIS?
I FEEL LIKE A DICK. I DON'T like this.
Somebody's going to be like, "Oh yeah,
Doug literally murders people when they
have hair because of how upset he is
over being bald."
Open every door.
Where? Open every door where? What does
that mean? Like this door
and this door?
[Applause]
I I am the hitman.
THIS IS MY RACE. THIS IS MY RACE. And
now we run. No, no, no. Oh my god, I'm
going to die. No, no, no, no. No, don't
just shoot in the crowd. What's wrong
with you? WHAT IS WRONG with these
people? These people are [__] up.
Guys, this needs to end.
I have a full-on plan that this is just
going to come together quick, okay?
Where is the flamingo? I want to take
him out first. He's all the way at the
entrance.
Oh my god, there's another person.
Why are you freaking out of Why are you
freaking out? Stop freaking out. I need
a costume. I need a costume.
I need your costume. I need your
costume. This one's straight from the
director. 360 no scope. Yo, chat. Chat.
Chat, get a poggy's ready in chat, okay?
Get a poggy's ready. Get a poggy's
ready.
Wait, [__] I was scoped. Hold on, hold
on, hold on, hold on. Get your poggy's
ready. GET GET READY.
[__]
OKAY, DONE. MISSION COMPLETE. EXCELLENT
WORK, 47. Murder is fun. Murder is fun.
Murder is fun. This is not a
psychopathic thing to do. Hit a fish
with a fish man. We grab Patrick Star.
We grab two more fish. And now, check
this out. Get your poggy's ready. 360 NO
SCOPE.
OH.
THIS THE RUN.
OH MY GOD. OKAY, they're coming down the
the hallway.
If I drop the duck and it gets Robert
Knox, they won't even know it's me.
WHAT'S THAT?
LAST ONE. GET OUT, PATRICK. OH GOD.
OKAY, they're running. I was Wait, wait,
you, you, you, you.
Uh Okay, I have a disguise. Oh my god.
Unless you can right now do a mission
that stops me from throwing Patrick Star
into this person's face, ladies and
gentlemen, it's party time. This next
one's highly sensitive, 47. TAKE A PLUS
ONE. KNOCK SOMEONE OUT AND TAKE THEM
WITH YOU EVERYWHERE. DEAL, but first,
the mission ends.
You.
You're coming with me. Love this guy.
Bring him everywhere. Is that a dead
person? No, he's alive.
[Music]
Wait, [__] they see me.
Hold there.
You know what? You're my new plus one.
That's a human being. That's right. Keep
your hands where I can see them.
Okay, you're my new plus one.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Me and my best friend are making it out
of here.
That's the exit right there.
I look EVEN MORE [__] UP THAN I
THOUGHT. WAIT, that's not an exit at
all. This is literally doesn't have an
Unlock. Oh my god, I don't have a
crowbar. I need to get a lock pick. I
need a crowbar.
Oh my god.
Please no, please no, please no, please
no. No. Shotgun the lock? Can you do
that? You can shoot it open. We're
going.
Pick up the shotgun. SHOOT THE LOCK.
WHERE'S MY BOY? WHERE'S MY SWEET BABY
BOY? WHERE IS HE? IS THIS HIM? WHICH ONE
IS IT? Is it that guy? Or is it this
guy? Which one is MY PLUS ONE?
THIS ONE'S STRAIGHT FROM THE DIRECTOR.
DROWN five men in a toilet, agent 47.
Yo, I tell you, is this the right one? I
don't know if this is the right guy. I
think I'm carrying the right dead body.
[Music]
Ladies and gentlemen.
Yes.
I could do it. I could be a hitman. I
don't even feel weird about it. It felt
upbeat and comical. No noticed kills, no
bodies found. That doesn't seem correct,
but you know what, I'll take that. All
right, leaderboards. How high am I in
the leaderboards?
I'm top two on the leaderboards. Wait,
hold on. This guy's above me. He has
320,000
points for non This guy's way more of a
psychopath than me. I only killed three
innocent people. You know what that
means? You got to get those innocents
killed numbers up.
That's true. There's just no way to
scratch this duck, man.